Documentation changes to cope with haskell.lib.compose (#528)
NixOS/cabal2nix: doc/frequently-asked-questions.rst

Quality assurance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``haskell.lib.compose`` library, (herein referred to as ``haskellLib``)
includes a number of functions for checking for various imperfections in
Haskell packages. It’s useful to apply these functions to your own Haskell
packages and integrate that in a Continuous Integration server like `hydra
<https://nixos.org/hydra/>`__ to assure your packages maintain a minimum level
of quality. This section discusses some of these functions.

> There also exists ``haskell.lib`` with the same functionality, but with a less

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``haskell.lib`` also offers the same functionality, but with a less
```
